hi I'm mark emiley on behalf of expert
village in this next segment we're going
to show you how to prepare your dried
yeast for inoculation into your wart
first you're going to pour one cup of
water into a nice Pyrex container next
you're going to put this into your
microwave turn it on until you get a
nice rolling boil once it's come to a
boil you're going to want to take it out
then I don't want to cover it with saran
wrap when you got it covered you're
going to put it into your refrigerator
let it cool you're aiming for it to get
around 100 degrees which will be just
about warm on your fingers but not hot
at all our water for our yeast
rehydration is now getting just about
blood temperature which is where we want
it you can check this with a sterilized
thermometer to make sure it's around 100
degrees if it's a little lower you're
still okay now that it's at the right
temperature we're going to add in the
yeast so I'm going to take off the nice
saran wrap covering which has been
keeping it nice and sterile then we're
going to cover it back up
now I'm going to take a sterilized fork
which I used in my sanitization fluid
and help break up the East a little to
get it in a solution you don't need to
do too much of this just to get it onto
the top of the water and it'll be good
now take this back out get a good
covered up again and we're going to put
this aside in our room temperature
environment for about 15 to 30 minutes
as our wort cools